ظآزI found a faint light
in the fading duskظآز
ظآزAnd met your steady gazeظآز
ظآزOne knowing glance,
and side by side we walk onظآز
ظآزLonging finds no place to restظآز
ظآزThrough drifting wind and rainظآز
ظآزYou are the prayer within my handsظآز
ظآزA single second frozen,
tears in focus, my heart already knowsظآز
ظآزWe made a promise long agoظآز
ظآزFor all our days to comeظآز
ظآزYou are the fate I cannot outrunظآز
ظآزHow much must I let go
to trade for one moment?ظآز
ظآزHolding you closeظآز
ظآزWould that be enough?ظآز
=Echoes of Love=
(Adapted from the signed screenplay
Echoes of Love on Migu Reading)
=Episode 19=
Sir, please make an exception.
My brother is to be executed tomorrow.
Let his wife
see him one last time.
Go on. Be quick.
Thank you.
How tragic.
(Master Zhou, take my advice.)
(Drink it now
and spare yourself more pain.)
(To give your life
for the Shengtang Guild)
(is the best end you could hope for.)
I never thought
the one to see me off
would be you.
Zhou Zihua,
I know
you must have
evidence that can bring Madam Ruyi down.
What you have long wished for,
I can help you achieve.
Zhiyun,
thank you
for coming to paint
my face one last time.
Forced before the mirror
to set the hair in place,
powder brushed on
to conceal the traces of tears.
(Jade Grove and Fair Trees)
Sorrow swells like rising spring waters,
my heart, like autumn lotus,
bitter beyond measure.
Flawless jade becomes
a target of gossip.
A beauty fated to suffer...
Branded as immoral.
As though born that way.
She should have
been dealt with long ago.
Stand aside.
Disperse.
Such sorrow, such bitterness.
(Jade Grove and Fair Trees)
A fair brow and delicate grace,
yet they bring ruin upon her.
Three years,
and you still have not let go.
They all say
you are a loyal hound I raised.
But I
have never truly mastered you.
Why must you insist on leaving?
Once you step out that door,
I can no longer shield you.
Stay.
Shield me?
You disgust me more
than those who harmed me.
Zhou Zihua,
I am not as pitiful as you.
I have never sought to save myself.
I only want those who do wrong
to face the price of it.
Either
you let me go, or
I take your life.
Take care.
Zhou Zihua.
The real jade ruyi is hidden
in the most obvious place.
ظآزEven if I drift
within a darkened whirlظآز
ظآزKindred souls
meet the light and become oneظآز
ظآزSo many chapters,
every wound rememberedظآز
ظآزBack where we once stood,
the blossoms still remainظآز
ظآزThe night runs deep like watching eyesظآز
Sir,
everything has been
carried out as ordered.
Zhou Zihua has taken his own life.
What is this?
Who dressed him like this?
I do not know, sir.
At this point,
the only one who dared
oppose the Shengtang Guild
and still walks free
must be...
Mercy, sir. Mercy.
I was tempted by money.
A young lady did come
to see him.
What did they say?
I...
I only heard something about
ruyi.
(Huanyue House)
(The jade ruyi)
(is hidden)
(Huanyue House)
(in the most obvious place.)